in the late 19th century the race to
find dinosaur fossils became so intense
it caused a war but what were the bone
Wars bones have long captured the
imagination of human beings and dogs
Robert plot an English chemistry
professor was one of the first to
published a description of a dinosaur
bone in the late 17th century
unfortunately he mistook it as the thigh
bone of a human giant but to be fair the
word dinosaur didn't even exist in 1676
it wasn't until 1842 that Richard Owen
took an old Greek word meaning terrible
and an old Greek word meaning lizard and
joined them up to form a new word
meaning um terrible lizard armed with
the name of the thing they were looking
for a paleontologist race took off in
America a man with a big beard and a man
with a big moustache were at the
forefront of this race both were
desperate to identify the most new
species they became bitter rivals Marsh
tried to discredit copes findings
pointing out that he put the skull of an
elasmosaurus on the end of its tail
instead of its neck but Marsh made a
similar error and placed the wrong skull
on a nap apt asaurus thus creating a
non-existent species called brontosaurus
accusations of bribing workers stealing
fossils spine and vandalism were batted
back and forth despite the ridiculous
rivalry both men made a massive
contribution to the science of
paleontology but if we need a final
score it's Marsh 80 cope 56
the good news is despite all the work of
marsh and Colt
it's estimated that 75% of all dinosaur
species are yet to be discovered so
there's still time for Clone Wars to
bull Wars 3 bonus for the return of bull
Wars bone Wars Strikes Back bull wars
origins gone with the bone Wars bone
Wars vs. predator if you can think of
any good titles for a bone Wars movie
let us know in the comments below